<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en-us">
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8">
    <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge,chrome=1">
    
    <title>3rd Summer Meeting | PennWest Software Development Club</title>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width,minimum-scale=1">
    <meta name="description" content="Talked about presentations, calendar, and treasury.">
    <meta name="generator" content="Hugo 0.121.2">
    
    
    
    
      <meta name="robots" content="noindex, nofollow">
    

    
<link rel="stylesheet" href="/ananke/css/main.min.css" >



  
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="/css/titleblast.css">
  

  
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="/css/customfonts.css">
  

    
    
    
      

    

    
    
    <meta property="og:title" content="3rd Summer Meeting" />
<meta property="og:description" content="Talked about presentations, calendar, and treasury." />
<meta property="og:type" content="article" />
<meta property="og:url" content="https://pennwest-california-programmingclub.github.io/posts/2023-05-21-third-summer-meeting/" /><meta property="article:section" content="posts" />
<meta property="article:published_time" content="2023-05-21T15:46:52-04:00" />
<meta property="article:modified_time" content="2023-05-21T15:46:52-04:00" />

<meta itemprop="name" content="3rd Summer Meeting">
<meta itemprop="description" content="Talked about presentations, calendar, and treasury."><meta itemprop="datePublished" content="2023-05-21T15:46:52-04:00" />
<meta itemprop="dateModified" content="2023-05-21T15:46:52-04:00" />
<meta itemprop="wordCount" content="444">
<meta itemprop="keywords" content="meeting,logo,website,presentations,academics," /><meta name="twitter:card" content="summary"/><meta name="twitter:title" content="3rd Summer Meeting"/>
<meta name="twitter:description" content="Talked about presentations, calendar, and treasury."/>

	
  </head>

  <body class="ma0 avenir bg-near-white">

    
   
  

  <header>
    <div class="bg-black">
      <nav class="pv3 ph3 ph4-ns" role="navigation">
  <div class="flex-l justify-between items-center center">
    <a href="/" class="f3 fw2 hover-white no-underline white-90 dib">
      
        <div style="display:flex; align-items:center;">
        <img src="/img/Logo-Final.svg" class="w100 mw5-ns" alt="PennWest Software Development Club" height="70px"/>
        <div style="margin-left:23px;">
        PennWest Software Development Club
        </div>
        </div>
      
    </a>
    <div class="flex-l items-center">
      

      
        <ul class="pl0 mr3">
          
          <li class="list f5 f4-ns fw4 dib pr3">
            <a class="hover-white no-underline white-90" href="/mainpages/joining/" title="Join the Club page">
              Join the Club
            </a>
          </li>
          
        </ul>
      
      
<div class="ananke-socials">
  
</div>

    </div>
  </div>
</nav>

    </div>
  </header>



    <main class="pb7" role="main">
      
  
  <article class="flex-l flex-wrap justify-between mw8 center ph3">
    <header class="mt4 w-100">
      <aside class="instapaper_ignoref b helvetica tracked">
          
        POSTS
      </aside>
      










  <div id="sharing" class="mt3 ananke-socials">
    
  </div>


      <h1 class="f1 athelas mt3 mb1">3rd Summer Meeting</h1>
      
      
      
      <time class="f6 mv4 dib tracked" datetime="2023-05-21T15:46:52-04:00">May 21, 2023</time>
      

      
      
    </header>
    <div class="nested-copy-line-height lh-copy serif f4 nested-links mid-gray pr4-l w-two-thirds-l"><h1 id="attending">Attending</h1>
<ul>
<li>Karl Miller</li>
<li>Paul Shriner</li>
<li>Christian Messmer</li>
<li>Luke Bates</li>
</ul>
<h1 id="discussions">Discussions</h1>
<h3 id="logo-and-rebranding">Logo and Rebranding</h3>
<p>Luke is looking at coming up with a new logo and may have some time to do that this week. We are contemplating a name change to &ldquo;Cal Coding Club&rdquo; for the alliteration, but aren&rsquo;t deciding right now.</p>
<h3 id="website">Website</h3>
<p>Karl will do a workshop on Thursday at 5:00 PM to show interested parties how this website is generated with hugo, and how other officers can add content.</p>
<h3 id="presentations">Presentations</h3>
<p>We want to do workshops and presentations during the semester and coding topics. Basically, we want to put content in our meetings to help recruit new members.</p>
<p>The following are some topics different officers may cover.</p>
<ul>
<li>Christian: Code Styling, asp.net</li>
<li>Luke: TypeScript</li>
<li>Karl: React, Git, Docker, Freeplane, Anki</li>
</ul>
<h3 id="calendar">Calendar</h3>
<p>Christian created an outlook group for a shared calendar for officers.</p>
<h3 id="treasury">Treasury</h3>
<p>We aren&rsquo;t sure how much we will get from SAI, but it may be from $100 to $200 dollars. They pulled the current budgeting. To get stuff, we need a purchase request form, which requires 2 officer signatures and 1 advisor signature. We could get cloud hosting from Kamatera for $120/year. We need funds for our 2nd week pizza party. (Possibly $30) We may want to put that form in on the first day.</p>
<h3 id="discord-bot">Discord Bot</h3>
<p>Karl is looking for collaborators and ideas for the discord bot. May do a summer workshop on it at some point.</p>
<h3 id="pennwest-compsci-program">PennWest CompSci Program</h3>
<p>We discussed some parts of the program that could use improvement. We think git/github should be taught earlier and continuosly; it could be integrated into virtually all coding classes. It was one of the main technology that industry professionals said they saw lacking in graduates. Christian thinks agile development could be taught more formally and earlier, though Karl thought it wasn&rsquo;t as important as Git/GitHub.</p>
<h3 id="next-meeting">Next Meeting</h3>
<p>The next meeting will be at 5:00 PM on Sunday the 28th.</p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<h1 id="agenda-next-meeting">Agenda Next Meeting</h1>
<h3 id="logo-and-rebranding-1">Logo and Rebranding</h3>
<p>Discuss the status of logo and rebranding.</p>
<h3 id="presentations-1">Presentations</h3>
<p>Ask if anyone has started prepping presentations, continue to decide what presentations we would like to do.</p>
<h3 id="calendar-1">Calendar</h3>
<p>Is the calendar working for us? Are there other options?</p>
<h3 id="treasury-follow-up">Treasury follow up</h3>
<p>Christian is going to ask Jess about SAI and budgets.</p>
<h3 id="discord-bot-1">Discord Bot</h3>
<h3 id="discord-cleanup">Discord Cleanup</h3>
<h3 id="pizza-party-planning">Pizza Party Planning</h3>
<h3 id="club-mission">Club Mission</h3>
<h3 id="website-1">Website</h3>
<ul>
<li>What were the other submissions, can we link their github&rsquo;s on the website?</li>
<li>Can we mention the winner on the website?</li>
<li>Move 2023 April Fools Jam to regular &ldquo;Posts&rdquo;?</li>
<li>Make a top-level page for the 2023 Fall Programming Club Pizza Party?</li>
<li>Creating content for the &ldquo;About&rdquo; page of the programming club?</li>
</ul>
<p>Do we want to switch frameworks? React?</p>
<ul class="pa0">
  
   <li class="list di">
     <a href="/tags/meeting/" class="link f5 grow no-underline br-pill ba ph3 pv2 mb2 dib black sans-serif">meeting</a>
   </li>
  
   <li class="list di">
     <a href="/tags/logo/" class="link f5 grow no-underline br-pill ba ph3 pv2 mb2 dib black sans-serif">logo</a>
   </li>
  
   <li class="list di">
     <a href="/tags/website/" class="link f5 grow no-underline br-pill ba ph3 pv2 mb2 dib black sans-serif">website</a>
   </li>
  
   <li class="list di">
     <a href="/tags/presentations/" class="link f5 grow no-underline br-pill ba ph3 pv2 mb2 dib black sans-serif">presentations</a>
   </li>
  
   <li class="list di">
     <a href="/tags/academics/" class="link f5 grow no-underline br-pill ba ph3 pv2 mb2 dib black sans-serif">academics</a>
   </li>
  
</ul>
<div class="mt6 instapaper_ignoref">
      
      
      </div>
    </div>

    <aside class="w-30-l mt6-l">




  <div class="bg-light-gray pa3 nested-list-reset nested-copy-line-height nested-links">
    <p class="f5 b mb3">Related</p>
    <ul class="pa0 list">
	   
	     <li  class="mb2">
          <a href="/posts/2023-05-14-second-meeting/">2nd Summer Meeting</a>
        </li>
	    
	     <li  class="mb2">
          <a href="/posts/2023-05-06-first-summer-meeting/">1st Summer Meeting</a>
        </li>
	    
	     <li  class="mb2">
          <a href="/posts/2023-02-developing-the-website/">Developing the Website</a>
        </li>
	    
    </ul>
</div>

</aside>

  </article>

    </main>
    <footer class="bg-black bottom-0 w-100 pa3" role="contentinfo">
  <div class="flex justify-between">
  <a class="f4 fw4 hover-white no-underline white-70 dn dib-ns pv2 ph3" href="https://pennwest-california-programmingclub.github.io/" >
    &copy;  PennWest Software Development Club 2024 
  </a>
    <div>
<div class="ananke-socials">
  
</div>
</div>
  </div>
</footer>

  </body>
</html>
