+++
title = '6th Summer 2023 Meeting'
date = 2023-06-10T15:46:52-04:00
draft = false
summary = 'Game jam, 3d Hammer asset, accounts, discord clean up'
tags = ['meeting', 'logo', 'game jam', 'discord', 'speakers']
+++

# Discussions

## Logo

Karl presented a 3D Asset he had been working on. The plan in collab with Luke was to use a 3D asset like this as a base and tweak it for tracing for a final SVG.

{{< figure align=center src=/img/karl_draft_logo_asset_hammer_3d_001.png title="A render of a cell-shaded engineer's hammer" >}}

Feedback was:
- Tone down handle wood grain texture
- Less detail on the handle texture
- Better/different/more defined symbols on the hammer

## Game Jam

A guy on YouTube, GameMaker's Toolkit, has a GameJam in July.
Christian suggested we participate. You can use any technology.

Both a browser-based game and unity were suggested as candidate technologies. It was suggested we do a trial run of a game collab prior to the Game Jam so we are all on the same page with some technology stack.

Some members may not be able to participate due to the event being near July 4th.

We are also considering a Minecraft Game Jam in collaboration with the Gaming Club next semester.

## Accounts

The board now has access to the appropriate PWPC accounts, including the Discord. There is a general consensus in favor of renaming the club organization on GitHub to just 'pwpc' or something else very short.
We will wait until we determine how the rebranding is going, since that will affect the new name.

## Speakers next semester

Ryan Merow, who was the first president of the club, said he would be willing to be a guest speaker for a club meeting next semester. We should schedule this and propose it to him in advance so he can plan. He also suggested we reach out to Paul, Mike, and Anthony, who helped him start the club.

## SAI

Karl still needs to follow up on SAI. (Phone call)

# Votes

We voted to clean up the Discord in several ways:

- 4-0 (aye) to rename #rust to #other-languages
- 4-0 (aye) to move #gaming-projects to officer archive
- 4-0 (aye) to move #club-code-jam-projects to officer archive
- 4-0( aye) to move #team-projects to officer archive
- 4-0 (aye) to move #merch-channel to officer archive
- 4-0 (aye) to move #roles to officer archive
- 4-0 (aye) to move #meeting-records to officer archive
- 4-0 (aye) to delete #uh

# Agenda Next Meeting

- Next meeting is Saturday 6/17 @ 5:00 PM
- We will also have website sessions @12:00 pm Sunday 6/11 and @5:00 pm Thursday 6/15
- Follow up about Logo
- Website Status
- SAI Status
- Discord Review
- Game Jam Review
