+++
title = '15th Summer Meeting'
date = 2023-08-12T15:46:52-04:00
draft = false
summary = 'logo status, faculty advisor, club meeting'
tags = ['logo', 'advisor', 'content']
+++

# Attendance

- Karl Miller
- Paul Shriner
- Luke Bates
- Christian Messmer
- Jonathan Buckel

# Discussions

### Rebranding

We applied the new logo and redid the server name.

{{< figure src=/img/Logo-Final.svg width="500">}}

### Room change to Eberly

- Christian will try to find out what room we are looking at in Eberly.
- Christian will work on an [Engage](https://engage.pennwest.edu/) posting.
   - https://engage.pennwest.edu/organization/caprogra
   - Note: Engage events require 1300 x 780 resolution fliers
- We need to ensure we have a room with a projector or some other means of video conference
   - Christian requested room 342 in Eberly

### Fliers

- Each board member will come up with some fliers 
- We will paper the campus first day

### Meeting Time

- Thursday 11:00 AM

### Schedule + Speakers

- Need to redo schedule with Thursday dates
- Karl and Christian will ask people from their work to speak to the club
- Alumni speaking to club
- Prof. Chen has some alumni who made games

### Pizza Party

- Karl will order pizzas day before, confirm morning of
- Karl will pay out of pocket, get reimbursed from SAI

### Email Professor Menon

- Karl will email Professor Menon, CC Professor Chen

# Vote

- Motion to adopt logo, unofficially rename club (4-0)
- Motion to set meeting time to 11:00 AM on Thursdays this semester (4-0)

# Agenda Next meeting

- Renaming GitHub
- Renaming Website
- Fliers expo 
- Schedule setup
- Work on presentations with extra time
- Christian and Karl will meet at 12:00 PM on Monday to go to SAI to request about a room also to talk about the Pizza Party
- Ask around on Monday about this as well
- Karl and Christian will try to meet 
- Merch stuff!
