+++
title = '2nd Summer Meeting'
date = 2023-05-13T15:46:52-04:00
draft = false
summary = 'Talked about meeting format, recruiting new members, constitution.'
tags = ['meeting', 'advisor', 'recruitment']
+++

## Attendance
- Heather Page
- Paul Shriner
- Karl Miller
- Christian Messmer
- Luke Bates

## Discussions

- Re: Constitution; base general format on other club's constitution
    - Karl has started a [constitution repo](https://github.com/pwsdc/constitution)

- Discussed adding second advisor
    - Must be PennWest faculty/staff
    - will be able to run club longer
    - Dr. Kovalchik 
    - in with CIS dept

- Heavy recruitment during semester
    - focus on freshman/sophmores

- Holding of on having GitHub as requirement for active membership; possibly just 2 meetings or even keeping at 1
  - workshops may help attract members

- Continue teaching GitHub, have git workshops

- Ideas for workshops for upcoming semester
    - GitHub
    - Code styling
    - Debugging
        - eg breakpoints, debugger, print statements
    - Makefiles
    - Rotate who creates workshop
    - Javascript/Typescript
    - Markdown

- Ideas for new member recruitment
    - Pizza party event during second week

- Ideas for meetings
    - half and half meetings
    - first half voting
    - second half workshop/activity

- Better setup for members joining in on meetings from online
    - External camera
    - Use classroom projector

- Logo change (in progress by Luke)
    - Possibly a Vulcan Hammer inside brackets or HTML braces `<ðŸ”¨>` `[ðŸ”¨]` `{ðŸ”¨}`

## Agenda Next Meeting

TBD
