+++
title = '12th Summer Meeting'
date = 2023-07-22T15:46:52-04:00
draft = false
summary = 'rebranding, events review'
tags = ['logo']
+++

# Attendance

- Paul Shriner
- Karl Miller
  
# Discussions

## Logo / Rebranding

- Karl presented some logos he had worked on over the last week
{{< figure align=center src=/img/logo-drafts/2023-07-22-karlhammer.png >}}

- Karl and Christian worked on some abstract logos during the meeting
{{< figure align=center src=/img/logo-drafts/2023-07-22-karl-and-christian-buggear-1.png >}}
{{< figure align=center src=/img/logo-drafts/2023-07-22-karl-and-christian-buggear-2.png >}}

- Luke presented some logos he had worked on over the last week
{{< figure align=center src=/img/logo-drafts/2023-07-22-luke-sdc1.png >}}
{{< figure align=center src=/img/logo-drafts/2023-07-22-luke-sdc2.png >}}

## Agenda Next Meeting

- Logo
- Events
- PACISE
- Prof. Chen 8/5 meeting
- Dr. Menon as 2nd faculty advisor?
