+++
title = '11th Summer 2023 Meeting'
date = 2023-07-15T15:46:52-04:00
draft = false
summary = 'rebranding, events review'
tags = ['logo', 'rebranding', 'presentation']
+++

# Attendance

- Luke Bates
- Paul Shriner
- Christian Messmer
- Karl Miller
  
# Discussions

## Logo / Rebranding

- We are going to work on more logo options for next meeting
- Unsure about hammer, about anything else proposed
- Clock Tower, Hammer, 0xCa1, ember CRT are all elements proposed

## Software Development Club

- Still the name liked, but we are holding off on voting for the rebranding until we have a logo we like

## Presentations

- Karl worked on a JavaScript presentation
- Christian was working on Git or linter
- Paul was working on a Demoscene presentation

## Agenda Next Meeting

- Address channel restructuring proposals
- Logo draft presentations / Logo status
- Events
