+++
title = '3rd Summer 2023 Meeting'
date = 2023-05-21T15:46:52-04:00
draft = false
summary = 'Talked about presentations, calendar, and treasury.'
tags = ['meeting', 'logo', 'website', 'presentation', 'academics']
+++

# Attendance

- Karl Miller
- Paul Shriner
- Christian Messmer
- Luke Bates

# Discussions

### Logo and Rebranding

Luke is looking at coming up with a new logo and may have some time to do that this week. We are contemplating a name change to "Cal Coding Club" for the alliteration, but aren't deciding right now.

### Website

Karl will do a workshop on Thursday at 5:00 PM to show interested parties how this website is generated with hugo, and how other officers can add content.

### Presentations

We want to do workshops and presentations during the semester and coding topics. Basically, we want to put content in our meetings to help recruit new members.

The following are some topics different officers may cover.

- Christian: Code Styling, asp.net
- Luke: TypeScript
- Karl: React, Git, Docker, Freeplane, Anki

### Calendar

Christian created an Outlook group for a shared calendar for officers.

### Treasury

We aren't sure how much we will get from SAI, but it may be from $100 to $200 dollars. They pulled the current budgeting. To get stuff, we need a purchase request form, which requires 2 officer signatures and 1 advisor signature. We could get cloud hosting from Kamatera for $120/year. We need funds for our 2nd week pizza party. (Possibly $30) We may want to put that form in on the first day.

### Discord Bot

Karl is looking for collaborators and ideas for the discord bot. May do a summer workshop on it at some point.

### PennWest CompSci Program

We discussed some parts of the program that could use improvement. We think git/GitHub should be taught earlier and continously; it could be integrated into virtually all coding classes. It was one of the main technologies that industry professionals said they saw lacking in graduates. Christian thinks agile development could be taught more formally and earlier, though Karl thought it wasn't as important as Git/GitHub.

### Next Meeting

The next meeting will be at 5:00 PM on Sunday the 28th.

# Agenda Next Meeting

### Logo and Rebranding

Discuss the status of logo and rebranding.

### Presentations

Ask if anyone has started prepping presentations, continue to decide what presentations we would like to do.

### Calendar

Is the calendar working for us? Are there other options?

### Treasury follow up

Christian is going to ask Jess about SAI and budgets. 

### Discord Bot

### Discord Cleanup

### Pizza Party Planning

### Club Mission

### Website

- What were the other submissions, can we link their GitHub's on the website?
- Can we mention the winner on the website?
- Move 2023 April Fools Jam to regular "Posts"?
- Make a top-level page for the 2023 Fall Programming Club Pizza Party?
- Creating content for the "About" page of the programming club?

Do we want to switch frameworks? React?
