+++
title = '10th Summer Meeting'
date = 2023-07-08T15:46:52-04:00
draft = false
summary = 'rebranding, events review'
tags = ['logo', 'events', 'game jam']
+++

# Attendance

- Luke Bates
- Paul Shriner
- Christian Messmer
- Karl Miller
  
# Discussions

## Logo / Rebranding

- 'Software Development Club', 'Dev Club' for short is still liked
- Karl sent Luke the 3D model
- We might do a Discord Poll on the name change

## Game Club Game Jam

- They realized they have too many things next semester and may have to cut some activities

## Presentation Collab

- We will do next meeting on 7/15 4:30 - 6:00 pm, extra time to be spent concurrently working on presentations

## Events

We talked about some of the events we are thinking about

- Code Jam Alternative
    - Similar to Code Jam
    - But with longer times
    - Break out teams
    - LeetCode problems
    - Any language goes
- Collaborative Prizes
    - Best collaborative PR of the semester
    - Best new repo of the semester
    - Best personal programming project of the semester
- Programming Contest...

## Agenda Next Meeting

- Emailed Professor Chen / Adding 2nd Faculty Advisor 
- Logo status / Time frame for rebranding
    - Website
    - Discord
    - Discord invite on website
    - Flier
- Events + time frame
- Presentations
