+++
title = '16th (Last) Summer Meeting'
date = 2023-08-19T15:46:52-04:00
draft = false
summary = 'logo status, faculty advisor, club meeting'
tags = ['logo', 'advisor', 'content']
+++

# Discussions

- Renames
    - Renamed club repo to [pwsdc](https://github.com/pwsdc)
    - Renamed club website to [pwsdc.github.io](https://pwsdc.github.io)
    - Will be updating the Join the Club link on the website

- Fliers
    - Karl added room 342 Eberly to Paul's fliers
    - Karl changed some language on those fliers

- Schedule Setup
    - We created a shared Google Doc for tracking the schedule situation

# Votes

- No votes were held this meeting.

# Agenda Next Meeting

- Intro to Club for new members
- Scheduling
- Ensure we can get Discord chat working in room
- Fliers
- Merch discussion
- Possible speakers
- Talk about Club Repos
