+++
title = '1st Summer Meeting'
date = 2023-05-06T12:53:14-05:00
draft = false
summary = 'The first meeting with the new officers of the club.'
tags = ['meeting', 'constitution', 'goals']
+++

## Attendance

- Heather Page
- Paul Shriner
- Karl Miller
- Christian Messmer
- Luke Bates

## Votes

- Voted to set the next meeting time as 5:00 pm on Sunday the 14th. (5-0)
- Voted to archive the hardware channels category and semester project channels category, move general hardware to the software channels category, and rename software channels to technologies. (5-0)

## Discussions

- Discussed constitution changes
    - We want to start drafting a new constitution, and will vote on adding items to guidelines for producing the draft. 
    - Christian is going to try to get template constitutions from SAI and/or other organizations

- Discussed summer goals
    - Planning out next semester
    - Club rebranding
    - Luke is going to look into updating a logo

- Discussed next semester plans
    - Doing workshops

- Discussed getting an additional faculty advisor.

- Discussed moving the meeting location to 3rd floor of Eberly.

## Agenda Next Meeting

- Talk more about Eberly meetings
- Begin work on Meeting Schedule for Fall + Workshops
- Talk more about Discord organization
- Talk more about Constitution Draft guidelines
- Talk more about rebranding
- Talk more about new member push early next semester
- Talk about Weekend Discord Fun / Tutor Meetings
