+++
title = '1st Summer 2024 Meeting'
date = 2024-05-05T21:50:46-04:00
draft = false
summary = 'club meeting, plans going forward'
tags = ['meeting', 'constitution', 'presentation', 'discord', 'advisor']
+++

***

# Overview

- Attendance
- What are Summer Meetings?
- Constitution
- Feedback
- Discord Server Roles
- Advisor Updates
- Next Meeting

***

## Attendance

- Abu Shettima
- Matthew Williams
- Paul Shriner

## What are Summer Meetings?

We will be holding summer meetings so the officers can prepare for the fall semester and so anyone can join and hang out. For each meeting, we will have an agenda to follow. Once we're done with items on the agenda, the floor will be open for anyone to present anything (such as personal projects, internships, or just something interesting). This specifc meeting was more "off the cuff", we will aim to have more structured meetings going forward.

## Constitution

The current club constitution has not been updated for a long time and needs major improvements. We are aiming to overhual the constitution during the summer.

Our first step is to understand what's in the current constitution. We feel it would be reckless to try to make changes if all the officers do not have a thorough understanding of its current state. 

Before the next meeting, each officer will go through two articles of their choice to understand what it says and what's good/bad about it. We'll also compare these articles to similar ones in other club constitutions and the SAI generic constitution. So far we have:

- Matt: IV, V
- Paul: VI, VII
- Abu: VIII, X

These findings will be presented in the next meeting.

## Feedback

So far, there have been no responses to the survey we made. We would appreciate if those who were students in the Spring 2024 semester complete the survey. The officers will attempt to reach out to students they knew from prior classes/groups for more feedback.

## Discord Server Roles

We aim to implement server roles through Carl-bot at a later date. The roles so far include PennWest status (Student, Alumni, etc.) and pronouns. We are considering more roles, such as for member status. 

## Advisor Updates

Dr. Menon reached out to us about having CIS students present various topics in club meetings. So far, she has someone who wants to do a presentation about Containerization and Virtualization.

## Next Meeting

We aim to do a meeting on **Saturday May 11, 2024** at **7 PM**, anyone is welcome to join!

Currently, we plan to discuss the constitution articles we looked into, any feedback we've received from reaching out to people, and a meeting time for the fall semester.
