+++
title = '7th Summer 2024 Meeting'
date = 2024-06-17T21:25:35-04:00
draft = false
summary = 'playdate development, club fair project'
tags = ['meeting', 'playdate', 'project', 'outreach']
+++
***

# Overview

- Attendance
- GitHub Webhooks
- Constitution Revisions
- PlayDate Development
- Meeting Schedule for Fall
- Flyers
- Next Week

***

# Attendance

- Jonathan Buckel
- Matthew Williams
- Paul Shriner

# GitHub Webhooks

Paul updated the settings for the GitHub webhook, now the github-updates channel should be less annoying! Any unintended side effects should be reported to him as he has the required permissions on our GitHub organization to fix anything.

# Constitution Revisions

Paul shared a OneDrive link to constitution revisions for officers to edit.

Changes include:
- Renamed the club from Programming Club to PennWest Software Development Club 
- Updated university references from California University to PennWest California
- Added general comments

Officers should use the comment feature for changes and add notes on the last page for a collaborative effort.

Other Notes: 
- Do not make this a primary focus for the summer
- There is still uncertainty if SAI will approve the name change

# PlayDate Development

Next steps include brainstorming a small demo project for the club fair.

Realistic project ideas:
- Endless runner (e.g., Flappy Bird, Chrome Dinosaur Game)
- Dungeon crawler (small dungeon)
- Pong/Pac-Man clone
- Simple 2D platformer (proof of concept)
- Frogger, Q*bert, Tapper

Jon presented a "Mappy" concept: collecting objects and avoiding a cat as a mouse. The general idea was to keep the scope within the confines of an arcade game.

It is important that all officers be on board with an idea. Tasks can be broken up into smaller pieces, (e.g. sound, graphics, sprites), so no one is completing too much work.


### Beyond the Club Fair

There was a discussion about continuing the summer project into the fall semester depending on its quality. Matthew suggested introducing the PlayDate in an early meeting in the fall semester and monitoring the response from the members. If feedback is positive, then the club can consider moving forward with projects.

Additionally, Jon suggested that we hold small weekly Lua demonstrations so club members can gradually learn new skills. Everyone emphasized keeping potential projects small and manageable. It is also important to make meetings inviting for new members by avoiding multi-meeting projects initially.

# Meeting Schedule for Fall

Meetings should avoid Thursday nights due to conflicts with other popular clubs. In the past, attendees generally agreed that Tuesday evenings were preferred since there are no late CS and CIS classes on that day. The officers are considering multiple meetings per week, with one being more laid-back (e.g., game/code jam with prizes). However, nothing has been decided yet.

# Flyers

Paul presented three potential flyers:
- The first flyer had a minimalistic design and was symmetrically structured 
- The second flyer had a less structured design, but contained more information
- The third flyer had smaller dimensions, but kept a similar structure to the first one 

There was a general agreement on using the first flyer as we found the minimalistic design easy to quickly glance at. The second flyer was deemed too cluttered, with many objects unnecessarily plastered on it. The third flyer could be suitable for smaller purposes (e.g., social media/small pamphlet). Any flyer that we choose to put out could have a QR code that links to our GitHub page or a Linktree.  

We encourage anyone to suggest additional flyer ideas!

# Next Week

- Discuss the PlayDate club fair project idea with all officers and agree on a direction.
- We will post the next meeting time on our Discord, feel free to drop by!